Add contributing doc (#480)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-upgrades: CONTRIBUTING.md

Contributing to OpenZeppelin Upgrades
=======

Contributions to OpenZeppelin Upgrades are welcome. Please review the information below to test out and contribute your changes.

## Building and testing the project

### Prerequisites
The following prerequisites are required to build the project locally:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)

> After the prerequisites are installed, the commands below can be run from this project's `openzeppelin-upgrades` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the prerequisites are installed, the commands below can be run from this project's root directory.
```

> ### Building the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installing dependencies
```

```yarn install```

> The project must be built at least once before running the tests or linter.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true. Can you check?

Author: On a clean project without running `yarn install` first, the following occur:

yarn test:
```
yarn run v1.22.15
$ tsc -b && wsrun -ms test
/bin/sh: tsc: command not found
error Command failed with exit code 127.
info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/run for documentation about this command.
```

yarn lint:
```
yarn run v1.22.15
$ yarn lint:path .
$ eslint --ignore-path .gitignore --max-warnings 0 .
/bin/sh: eslint: command not found
error Command failed with exit code 127.
info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/run for documentation about this command.
error Command failed with exit code 127.
info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/run for documentation about this command.
```
